The last time we were here,
we promised to return
and show you a scripture
that can give us real hope.
Yeah, I’m interested in seeing that.
Great.
It’s here at Revelation 21:3, 4.
Susan, would you please read that?
Sure.
“With that I heard a loud voice
from the throne say:
“‘Look! The tent of God is with mankind,
“‘and he will reside with them,
and they will be his people.
“‘And God himself will be with them.
“‘And he will wipe out
every tear from their eyes,
“‘and death will be no more,
“‘neither will mourning
nor outcry nor pain be anymore.
The former things have passed away.’”
Thank you.
So, what does this say that God will do?
It says that he’ll wipe out our tears,
take away death, and take away pain.
Exactly.
All of the problems
that can make life seem hopeless today
—such as poverty, injustice,
sickness, even death—
will no longer exist.
Have you ever read those words?
No! I’ve never seen them before.
Many people aren’t aware
of the gems contained in God’s Word
because they feel
it’s too difficult to understand.
The next time,
I’d like to discuss the question,
How can we understand the Bible?
Would next Friday evening work for you?
Yeah, I should be home.
Great.
Before we go, perhaps we can exchange
our contact information.